file:: [Turing_-_1950_-_I.—COMPUTING_MACHINERY_AND_INTELLIGENCE_1689652901623_0.pdf](../assets/Turing_-_1950_-_I.—COMPUTING_MACHINERY_AND_INTELLIGENCE_1689652901623_0.pdf)
file-path:: ../assets/Turing_-_1950_-_I.—COMPUTING_MACHINERY_AND_INTELLIGENCE_1689652901623_0.pdf

- A digital computer can usually be regarded as consisting of three parts:(i) Store.(ii) Executive unit.(iii) Control. The store is a store of information, and corresponds to the human computer’s paper, whether this is the paper on which he does his calculations or that on which his book of rules is printed. In so far as the human computer does calculations in his head a part of the store will correspond to his memory. The executive unit is the part which carries out the various individual operations involved in a calculation. What these individual operations are will vary from machine to machine. Usually fairly lengthy operations can be done such as ‘Multiply 3540675445 by 7076345687’ but in some machines only very simple ones such as ‘Write down 0’ are possible. We have mentioned that the ‘book of rules’ supplied to the computer is replaced in the machine by a part of the store. It is then called the ‘table of instructions’. It is the duty of the control to see that these instructions are obeyed correctly and in the right order. The control is so constructed that this necessarily happens. The information in the store is usually broken up into packets of moderately small size. In one machine, for instance, a packet might consist of ten decimal digits. Numbers are assigned to the parts of the store in which the various packets of information are stored, in some systematic manner. A typical instruction might say—‘Add the number stored in position 6809 to that in 4302 and put the result back into the latter storage position’. Needless to say it would not occur in the machine expressed in English. It would more likely be coded in a form such as 6809430217. Here17 says which of various possible operations is to be performed on the two numbers. In this case the operation is that described above, viz. ‘Add the number. . . .’ It will be noticed that the instruction takes up 10 digits and so forms one packet of information, very conveniently. The control will normally take the instructions to be obeyed in the order of the positions in which they are stored, but occasionally an instruction such as Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/mind/article/LIX/236/433/986238 by University of Rochester, EG Miner Library user on 05 May 2023438 A. M. TURING:‘Now obey the instruction stored in position 5606, and continue from there’ may be encountered, or again‘If position 4505 contains 0 obey next the instruction stored in 6707, otherwise continue straight on.’ Instructions of these latter types are very important because they make it possible for a sequence of operations to be repeated over and over again until some condition is fulfilled, but in doing so to obey, not fresh instructions on each repetition, but the same ones over and over again. To take a domestic analogy. Suppose Mother wants Tommy to call at the cobbler’s every morning on his way to school to see if her shoes are done, she can ask him afresh every morning. Alternatively she can stick up a notice once and for all in the hall which he will see when he leaves for school and which tolls him to call for the shoes, and also to destroy the notice when he comes back if he has the shoes with him. The reader must accept it as a fact that digital computers can be constructed, and indeed have been constructed, according to the principles we have described, and that they can in fact mimic the actions of a human computer very closely. The book of rules which we have described our human computer as using is of course a convenient fiction. Actual human computers really remember what they have got to do. If one wants to make a machine mimic the behaviour of the human computer in some complex operation one has to ask him how it is done, and then translate the answer into the form of an instruction table. Constructing instruction tables is usually described as‘programming’. To ‘programme a machine to carry out the operation A’ means to put the appropriate instruction table into the machine so that it will do A.
  ls-type:: annotation
  hl-page:: 5
  hl-color:: yellow
  id:: 64b641e6-0588-48a6-9b5e-55aa8c0c2128